# Project-Euler-Problems
<hr>
<h5> Problem 1: Multiples of 3 or 5 </h5><br>
<b> Description: If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.</b> <br>
<b> File name: </b> MultiplesOfThreeOrFive.java <br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5> Problem 2: Even Fibonacci Numbers </h5><br>
<b> Description: </b> Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. 
By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: <br>
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
<br>
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, 
find the sum of the even-valued terms <br>
<b> File name: </b>EvenFibonacciNumber.java <br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5> Problem 3: Largest Prime Factor </h5><br>
<b> Description: </b>The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.
   What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ? <br>
<b> File name: </b>LargestPrimeFactor.java <br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5> Problem 4: Largest Palindrome Product </h5><br>
<b> Description: </b>A palindromic number reads the same both ways. 
  The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99.
Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.
 <br>
<b> File name: </b> LargestPalindromeProduct.java<br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5> Problem 1: Multiples of 3 or 5 </h5><br>
<b> Description: </b> <br>
<b> File name: </b> <br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5>Program: A program to find prime factors of a number </h5><br>
<b> File name: </b> PrimeFactorProgram.java<br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5>Program: A program to check if the number is palindrome or not </h5><br>
<b> File name: </b> PalindromeProgram.java<br>
<hr>

<hr>
<h5>Program: A program to print the fibonacci series </h5><br>
<b>Description: </b>Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. 
By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
<br>
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
<br>
<b> File name: </b> PalindromeProgram.java<br>
<hr>
